When you first run the program you will see the main menu with 4 options
case 1 (Login) will allow users to login with a particular email and password to get access to the menu based on the type of user they are [Faculty, Student, Public].
case 2 (Register) will allow users to register their account to be added to the database which they can use to login later.
case 3 (Search Faculty Abstract) is used to search the database for faculty users whose abstract contains a particular word and displays it.
case 4 (Quit) is used to end the program

FOR THE LOGIN PAGE

Test Data To Login As A Faculty User:
Email - jhabermas@rit.edu
Password - staffpass123

Test Data To Login As Student User:
Email - cleclerc@rit.edu
Password - studentpass123

Test Data To Login As Public User:
Email - jbond@gmail.com
Pasword - public123

FOR THE REGISTRATION PAGE
When the user wants to register their user, they will be provided with three options to pick out their user type.
case 1 (Faculty) is selected if the user is a faculty
case 2 (Student) is selected if the user is a student
case 3 (Public) is selected if the user is an outside organization

STUDENT CRUD FUNCTIONS:

If a student user successfully logs in, they will now have six options

case 1 (Search Faculty Interests) will allow the student user to search for faculty interests which are common to their interests.
case 2 (View Own Interests) will allow the student user to see their own interests.
case 3 (Add Interests) will allow the student user to add another interest to their current ones
case 4 (Delete Interests) will allow the student user to delete their interests based on interest ID.
case 5 (Update Interests) will allow the student user to update their interests.
case 6 (Quit) will allow the student user to exit from this menu which will lead them back to the main menu

If student user's login is unsuccessful, they will be asked to try again

FACULTY CRUD FUNCTIONS:

If a faculty user successfully logs in, they will now have seven options

case 1 (Search Student Interests) will allow faculty user to search for a student based on the interest that they have selected from a drop-down list
case 2 (Insert Abstracts or Interests) will allow the faculty user to insert either the abstract or interest based on the sub-menu
                case 1 (Insert an Abstract) allows faculty user to insert their abstract by copy pasting the title and abstract.
                case 2 (Insert an Interest) allows faculty user to insert their interest.
case 3 (Update Abstracts or Interest) will allow the faculty user to update either the abstract or interest based on the sub-menu
                case 1 (Update an Abstract) allows faculty user to update their abstract by copy pasting the title or abstract to be changed.
                case 2 (Update an Interest) allows faculty user to update their interest.
case 4 (Delete Abstracts or Interest) will allow the faculty user to delete either the abstract or interest based on the sub-menu
                case 1 (Delete an Abstract) allows faculty user to delete their abstract based on abstract ID number.
                case 2 (Delete an Interest) allows faculty user to delete their interest based on interest ID.
case 5 (See Own Interests) will allow the faculty user to see their own interests.
case 6 (See Own Abstracts) will allow the faculty user to see their own abstracts.
case 7 (Quit) will allow the faculty user to exit from this menu which will lead them back to the main menu




PUBLIC CRUD FUNCTIONS:

If a public user successfully logs in, they will now have five options
case 1 (Search for Experts on Interest) will allow public users to search for both students and/or faculty based on the interest that they have selected from a drop-down list
case 2 (View Own Interests) will allow the public user to see their own interests.
case 3 (Update Interest) will allow the public user to update their own interests.
case 4 (Delete Interest) will allow the public user to delete their own interests.
case 7 (Quit) will allow the public user to exit from this menu which will lead them back to the main menu


